add instructions to update ontologies (#216)
MaMMoS-project/mammos-entity: CONTRIBUTING.md

  - `pixi run test-all`: run `unittest`, `doctest` and `notebooktest`
  - `pixi run examples`: start jupyter lab in examples/ directory
  - `pixi run style`: style checks on all files using `pre-commit run --all-files`

## Updating shipped ontologies

> This Python packages ship the ontologies EMMO and MagMO to allow offline use. When these ontologies change, it is necessary to manually change them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Python packages ship the ontologies EMMO and MagMO to allow offline use. When these ontologies change upstream, it is necessary to manually update the bundled copy.
```

> - **EMMO**: this can be downloaded from https://w3id.org/emmo/<version>/inferred by specifying the desired `<version>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **EMMO**: this can be downloaded from https://w3id.org/emmo/VERSION/inferred by specifying the desired `VERSION`.
```

To make it easier to see the complete url.

> - **EMMO**: this can be downloaded from https://w3id.org/emmo/<version>/inferred by specifying the desired `<version>`.

Reviewer: Please also add information where to put the file like you do for MagMO. Or have these instructions first and afterwards only mention the urls.
